[Music]
but I'm just out here surviving then
what I'm doing right now won't even
matter baby baby it will always matter
[Music]
hey cash how much longer I got to wait
for my money God made this land for all
of us
greedy people like you want to hog it to
yourself and your family and me and my
family yeah
Cassius I'm your uncle I just
really need a job or you're to stick to
the script Cassius green here sorry to
let me give you two you want to
make some money here use your white OS
my white boys I'm never talking about
Will Smith wife thank this young man hey
mr. Kramer
this is Langston from regal view as
always we'll be getting that out to you
right away you're doing so good with the
voice
all right
you're going upstairs power caller they
even have their own elevator welcome
power caller I hope you did not
masturbate today we need you sharp and
ready to go my power color okay so
they're not selling me but we certainly
know there's no amount of money that
make me do that here's the starting
salary I'm gonna have to get me some new
suits I can't ride with you I'm doing
something I'm really good at - I'll make
you a proposal I can see that you want
to say no but I wouldn't do that before
you see what I'm offering you
[Music]
yeah